Hello everyone! In this video we will explain
some of the most common human diseases.
T hese are the diseases we are going to treat
and first we will start with arthritis.
Arthritis is the inflammation or degeneration
of one or more joints.
A joint is the area where two bones meet.
There are more than 100 different types of
arthritis.
The next disease is hepatitis.
Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver.
Inflammation is the swelling of organs that
occurs when they become injured or infected
and can damage your liver.
Swelling and damage can affect the proper
functioning of this organ.
The next disease is Parkinson's disease.
Parkinson's disease is a type of movement
disorder.
It occurs when nerve cells in neurons do not
produce enough of an important chemical in
the brain known as dopamine.
And finally, pancreatitis is the inflammation
of the pancreas.
This occurs when digestive enzymes begin to
digest the pancreas.
Pancreatitis can be acute or chronic.
Either way, it is serious and can lead to
complications.
Thank you for watching the video.